---
layout: post
title: Week 2 - Code of Conduct
---
what are your own thoughts on the importance of Code of Conduct for a project? would you be willing to work on a project that does not have a Code of Conduct? do you think there is a realistic way of enforcing rules listed in the Code of Conduct for a given project?

## Code of Conduct
I think that the code of conduct is extremely important for an open source project in particular because it outlines the standards of the project. I would not want to work on a project that does not have a Code of Conduct unless it is a project that is closed source and between people I trust. If there is no code of conduct, there is no standard for the community to behave, which could mean that the members of the community may not have moral integrity. If there is no consequence to friendliness and openness, the progress on the project could be impended by a community that does not work in collaboration. I also think that the Code of Conduct often labels very bare minimums in that the rules could be easily followed. Many code of conducts discuss being kind and disavow behaviors that are discriminatory. These type of moral rules I think can be easily followed by choice. 

## Enforcement of Code of Conduct
I believe that the enforcement of the Code of Conduct should be based on reportings to a management team of the project. I think that it would be tedious to monitor communications regarding the project and unnecessary. The team then should decide case-by-case on the consequences of violations of Code of Conduct. I think this is the proper way to ensure a safe community.

