---
layout: post
title: Week 14 - Class Discussion
---
## Open Source Cola
The open source initative that I focused on in collecting the resources and information for was OpenCola. OpenCola itself is not an extremely large movement, rather it was to promote an Open Source Projects business. However, I do believe the making of cola recipe avalilble to general public is a movement that plays into a grander intiative which aims to prevent the commercialization of foods. Many banks and large companies own restaurants and food chains, which gatekeep the recipes they have to their individual company or trade. The creation of OpenCola is to protest against Coca-cola guarding their secret recipe in providing publicly avalilble recipes online. I think that this project is easily done, and would love to see a mass production of this product made through fundraisers. OpenCola was given out initially to promote free software company Opencola, but is also used to described the OpenCola movement. 
<!--more-->
## Open Food Facts Progress
The progress on my groupwork has been good so far. I have personally submitted a pull request regarding certain build issues after I pulled the latest commits. There was an issue with certain folders in docker that did not allow me the proper permissions. I wrote my solution in the pull request I submitted to have this issue remedied in the quick start guide as it has to do with the make file. I have also completed the issue moving images to the deleted images folder on docker. This involved a lot of work in understanding how Perl works and how the variables for Products.pm interact with each other. Each product has different identifying ids that are required to then pass through functions that is used to delete images and such. It took me a long time and working many hours with my groupmates to figure out how the code exactly worked. We also had to talk back and forth with the mainters in order to understand where to look in their ProductOpener folders. The maintainers were a great help in locating where the code that particular actions interact would be. There was also great difficulty in understanding the limtations and constraints of Perl. I submitted the pull request for this issue today.
