---
layout: post
title: Week 8 - Project Update 1
---
## Programming Contributions and Project
I have been currently working on my group project throughout the week. Previous to this week I had to set up the environment where I could then properly start contributing. Contributing to this project has been relatively of ease. Open Food Facts has a method set up in claiming issues, where you have to leave a message on github and on Slack. I recently claimed an issue regarding the website and how certain items come up in terms of describing the weight and characteristics. I have been trying to tackle it in the past few days. I have been communicating some of the developers on the team in the best fixes. It is also related to another issue that I think that I will also claim as well as I think its correlated. 
<!--more-->

## Other work
I have made significant process in translating various json files and text files for the website itself into Chinese with one of my partners. So far I have translated multiple pages in its entirety. I have a bit of tedious method in translation. My reading and written Chinese is not the best. However I speak fluent Chinese as it is my native toungue, as my parents does not speak English. Therefore I first copy the words to Google Translate, which I then use to play the translation in Chinese. I fix the translation by modifying it. I do this because I can't exactly translate in page in its entirety without the use of a translator for aid. But it's important to get the proper translations so this is necessary step. Once I hear the words in Chinese, I can tell when its right or wrong and what words to use instead. Sometimes I have to use speech to text for Mandarin software in order to use the proper word in the sentence. 
