---
layout: post
title: Week 3 - git
---

## Git
The git exercises were a great refresher into git commands, as I think it covers important functionality. I had intially ran into some issues that delayed my progress as with SSH it required me to setup a key for github, which I had not previously done. Previously, I had always used HTTP because it is easier to directly clone the repository into VSCode. I have used ssh during my past internships before and such.
<!--more-->

## Add-on activity
Currently, the add-on browser basic functionality is complete in that you are able to add sites to the block list and remove the sites from the list. My teammates have contributed to the design and part of the back end for the extension. So far, I have ensured functionality in that I have made the block list working. I have also fixed a certain amount of issues and have started the blocking website process. However, the project still requires substantial work in actually blocking the site functionality. The site is still allowed even when it is added to the block list. 

The problems faced with this is that it is complex to implement the blocking feature. I have started on implementing a background script to check if a site is blocked or not, as I think that may be the best way to design this. Additional problem would seem to be that initiatlly the project was working on another members end but not working on my end. I think that I fixed the issue, but am concerned if the latest version I pulled is the most recent. Though with the working version now, this seems settled. I fit into collaboration in that I felt the work has been divided evenly and we are all adding to the project closer we get to the presentation. I mentioned my contributions previously in creating functionality and resolving issues. Good things that happened is that my team member did great work with the front end design and in my opinion it looks great. 
