---
layout: post
title: Week 15 - Open Food Facts and Presentations
---
## Presentations
My group and I presented our presentations to the class this week. Initially I was extremely nervous as I have a tough time speaking in front of an audience. However, I realized that the presentation is much more enjoyable than any other presentation I have had as it is a project that me and my group has been passionately working towards. The merge request that I opened was a culmination of a lot of hours in learning the codebase, perl and debugging. I also really enjoyed the presentations this week. There were two projects that really stood out to me freeCodeCamp and Gitlab. A bit off topic, but recently I had a conversation with a friend who is a software engineer working on government projects, and he educated me on the need for a lot of disadvantaged communities to receive technology literacy and that he wanted to bridge this gap. freeCodeCamp seems to be align with this ideal in making education accessible for those that seek it. Programming is an extremely useful tool to learn and refine. Free, valid coding courses are the basis to bridge this gap in technological literacy. Gitlab also piqued my interest, as I have really only worked with Github before. The ability to control every aspect of version control and ci/cd and the open source nature could mean that it is better and more ethical than GitHub. The arguments made by the group was especially compelling in that Gitlab is more secure in protecting proprietary data.
<!--more-->

## Further Progress
This week me and my group worked mostly on our presentations. I have recently received feedback from the maintainer that has been monitoring this portion of the development. He has given some minor changes as feedback that I aim to implement by Monday night this week. I believe that the requested changes are not extremely difficult. I also believe my other group members are aiming to get their pull requests merged as well. I think that next week we are going to reconvene and discuss what is done and not done, as well as the steps to tackle it.
