---
layout: post
title: Week 10 - Project Update 2
---
## Programming Contributions and Project
I have been currently working on my group project this week. Me and my group have established a system in which we are trying to claim a lot of issues that we would be able to resolve. Although we have not had an organized meetup this week, we do message a lot about the project in our groups. I have also been reviewing material on Perl scripting, which I have done before in my previous internship at Franklin Templeton. A lot of the scripts used for loading data onto SQL databases at my old job was done in Perl scripting. Perl is a bit different than other scripting languages in the flexibility of Perl's diction.
<!--more-->

## Other work
I have continued in making significant process in translating various files from Chinese to English. There have been some translation issues regarding how a lot of the work is translated first from French to English then I am translating it into Chinese. I have also been claiming issues regarding added features, though I am unsure which one is realistic. I have joined the coffee chat to discuss how I could be able to contribute and I have been directed to the large spreadsheet of issues. Many of the issues is apart of the complex codebase, and requires refactoring certain code in order for it to work properly on the webapplication. I also examined how the mobile development was done, but that requires me to learn Flutter and other languages that I am not yet familiar with.
