---
layout: post
title: Week 11 - Project Update 3/Videos
---
## Videos
I think that it is very interesting that numerous companies have found success in building businesses on open-source models, which shows that there is viability beyond billion-dollar benchmarks as discussed in “Lessons Learned from Open Source in Business”. Sustainability concerns are my automatic thoughts when thinking open source in business, due to the reliance on volunteer labor. The exploration of more sustainable models beyond the mentioned "tip jar" approaches centers around community engagement and labor mobility, emphasizing reciprocal benefits in the video. I think that the main importance of these sustainable projects is the value in innovation and longevity. 
<!--more-->
I think that the the video overall discusses various aspects of open source in business, including the importance of community, ethical considerations, business models, and the software supply chain. While indirectly talking about open hardware specifications in the context of voting machines, hinting at the broader applicability of open source across different sectors. The video on the film industry further discusses the role of open source in industry, particularly the film industry. The film industry follows this idea of reciprocal benefits on the projects in that the projects would be good enough that people would want to contribute and support in order for it to succeed.

## Contributions
I have contributed to the open food facts project in now attempting to resolve certain code issues. I should be submitting a pull request this week in regards to fixing an issue regarding packaging; however I am trying to refactor the perl script in order to take into account this formatting issue. The difficulty that comes with this contribution is that I cannot hard code the exception of how the team wants the package formatted. Instead I have to think about how I would implement the fix in the difference in formatting. I think that I also might contribute to the front-end a bit more since the backend seems very complex in how many packaging labels and entries is generated. It seems like the issues that need to be resolved in the backend is similar to this. I want to focus now purely on code contributions.
